You want to know, you have still not received the refund to your bank account. Why?
You want to know,you tried placing my order using my debit card/credit card/Net Banking but the order was not successful. What happens to the money deducted from the card?
You want to know, you paid the amount upfront while purchasing product from Moglix, how do you get the refund?
You want to know about the details you require to process NEFT refund?
Do you wana buy Decorative Lights?
You want to know about buy on credit?
Do you wana buy Lamps?
You want to know, What kind of RFQs will not be accepted?
You want to know, what should you do if you find your package opened or tampered with upon delivery?
Do you wana buy Ceiling & Wall Lights?
You want to know, Will you be informed once my order is processed?
You want to know, How do you place Cash on Delivery (C-O-D) order?
You want to know, How will your order be delivered to you?
You want to know about the career in moglix?
You want to know, What is the standard delivery time?
Do you wana buy Lighting?
You want to know, How can you check the status of your order?
You want to know, Why isn't COD available to you?
You want to know, Do we take orders over phone?
You want to know the steps does Moglix take to prevent card fraud?
You want to know the email address of moglix?
You want to know, What should you do if your payment fails?
You want to know, can you add an item to your order after you have placed your order?
You want to know about moglix?
You want to know, What is the difference between shipping and delivery?
You want to know, What is COD (Cash On Delivery)? Are there any additional charges for COD orders?
You want to know,you are placing an order as a gift to your loved one. Will she receive the price tags and invoice?
Do you wana buy Outdoor Lighting?
You want to know about how long will it take to refund?
You want to know, How can you pay if COD option is not available on you address?
You want to know about 3D secure password?
You want to know, Does Moglix sell the products?
You want to know, What are the modes of payment for purchasing on Moglix.com? What payment methods do we accept?
You want to know, How do you pay using a credit/debit card?
You want to know, Why can’t you submit a RFQ?
Do you want details of brand Store?
You want to know, Can you use my bank's Internet Banking feature to make a payment?
You want to know, you got a confirmation call for your order. Why is that?
You want to know, Can you pay COD (Cash On Delivery) for every product you buy on Moglix?
You want to know, Why is standard delivery time different for some products?
You want to know, When will you receive a quote for my RFQ?
Do you wana see blogs of moglix?
Do you wana buy Portable Lighting?
You want to know, When are Refunds provided?
You want to know, Is it safe to use your credit/debit card on Moglix?
You want to know, I paid cash on delivery, how would I get the refund?
You want to know about asking for NEFT refund if you paid through Credit Card/Debit Card/Net banking?
You want to know that your transaction failed but the money was deducted from your account. What should you do?
You want to know, Can you make a credit/debit card or Internet Banking payment on Moglix through your mobile?
You want to know, How will you know if order is placed successfully?
You want to know, can you place a bulk order for an items?
You want to know, the status on the tracking website shows delivery was attempted but you was not there to receive. Is it possible to get the delivery now?
Do you wana buy Lighting Accessories?
You want to know, How do you submit a RFQ?
You want to know, Why have you not received your order yet?
Do you wana buy Other Lights & Lighting Products?
Do you wana buy LED?
You want to know, Which courier company will deliver you order? Is it possible to choose your preferred delivery partner?
You want to know, Why did you receive a partial order?
You want to know, How do you place an order?
Do you wana see Customer Reviews?
You want to know about the Return policy?
Do you wana buy Light Bulbs?
you want to know, you tried placing order using your credit card but it isn't working. So you want help to place an order?
